Zope Enterprize Option, ZEO 0.2

  Put this package in your Zope lib/python.

  Note -- This release of ZEO requires Zope 2.2 or a CVS checkout
    of Zope. See 'CHANGES.txt' for details.

  You also need to symbolically link (or copy) ZServer to lib/python::

    cd lib/python
    ln -s ../../ZServer .

  To start the storage server, go to your Zope install directory and::

    lib/python/ZEO/start.py -p port_number

  (Run start without arguments to see options.)

  Of course, the server and the client don't have to be on the same
  machine.

  If the server and client *are* on the same machine, then you can use 
  a Unix domain socket::

    lib/python/ZEO/start.py -U filename

  To get Zope to use the server, create a custom_zodb module,
  custom_zodb.py, in your Zope install directory, so that Zope uses a
  ClientStorage::

    import ZEO.ClientStorage
    Storage=ZEO.ClientStorage.ClientStorage(('',port_number))

  You can specify a host name (rather than '') if you want.
  The port number is, of course, the port number used to start the 
  storage server.  The async switch tells the client to switch
  itself to async mode (if and) when the asyncore main loop is called.

  You can also give the name of a Unix domain socket file::


    import ZEO.ClientStorage
    Storage=ZEO.ClientStorage.ClientStorage(filename)

  If you want a persistent client cache, you need to define the
  environment variable, ZEO_CLIENT to a unique name for the
  client. This is needed so that unique cache name files can be
  computed. Otherwise, the client cache is stored in temporary files.
  For example, to start two Zope processes with unique caches, use
  something like:

    python z2.py -P8700 ZEO_CLIENT=8700
    python z2.py -P8800 ZEO_CLIENT=8800

  The ClientStorage constructor provides a number of additional
  options (arguments):

    storage -- The name of the storage to connect to.  

    cache_size -- The number of bytes to allow for the client cache.
         The default is 20,000,000.
    
    name -- The name to use for the storage. This will be shown in
         Zope's control panel. The default name is a representation of
         the connection information.

    debug -- If this is provided, it should be a non-empty string. It
         indicates that client should log tracing and debugging
         information, using zLOG.

    var -- The directory in which persistent cache files should be
         written. If this option is provided, it is unnecessary to 
         set INSTANCE_HOME in __builtins__.

  Zope product installation

    Normally, Zope updates the Zope database during startup to reflect
    product changes or new products found. It makes no sense for
    multiple ZEO clients to do the same installation. Further, if
    different clients have different software installed, the correct
    state of the database is ambiguous.

    Starting in Zope 2.2, Zope will not modify the Zope database
    during product installation if the environment variable ZEO_CLIENT
    is set. For this reason, Zope must be started without the
    ZEO_CLIENT variable set to install new disk-based products. Of
    course, the disk-based products should be consistent accross ZEO
    Client installations.

  Notes for non Zope users

    First, we regret the amount of dependence on Zope. We intend for
    the dependence to decrease in the long run.

    Known dependencies:

      - Shared must be in the Python path. This is due to a lame
        dependency on some Zope XML facilities used by ZODB for XML
        export and import.

      - ZServer should be in the Python path, or you should copy the
        version of asyncore.py from ZServer (from Zope 2.2 or CVS) to
        your Python path, or you should copy a version of a asyncore
        from the medusa CVS tree to your Python path. A recent change
        in asyncore is required.

      - The module, ThreadedAsync must be in the python path.

      - The version of cPickle from Zope, or from the python.org CVS
        tree must be used. It has a hook to provide control over which
        "global objects" (e.g. classes) may be pickled.
